File size: 206
Read:206
Buf:n = 0;
a = 0;
b = 1;
x = ?;

while (n < x) {
  n = n + 1;

  if (n == 1) {
    print a;
    }

  if (n == 2) {
    print b;
    }

  if (n > 2) {
    tmp = b;
    b = a + b;
    a = tmp;
    print b;
  }
}

Testing lexer...
lexem parsed: n
lexem parsed: =
lexem parsed: 0
lexem parsed: ;
lexem parsed: a
lexem parsed: =
lexem parsed: 0
lexem parsed: ;
lexem parsed: b
lexem parsed: =
lexem parsed: 1
lexem parsed: ;
lexem parsed: x
lexem parsed: =
lexem parsed: ?
lexem parsed: ;
lexem parsed: while
lexem parsed: (
lexem parsed: n
lexem parsed: <
lexem parsed: x
lexem parsed: )
lexem parsed: {
lexem parsed: n
lexem parsed: =
lexem parsed: n
lexem parsed: +
lexem parsed: 1
lexem parsed: ;
lexem parsed: if
lexem parsed: (
lexem parsed: n
lexem parsed: ==
lexem parsed: 1
lexem parsed: )
lexem parsed: {
lexem parsed: print
lexem parsed: a
lexem parsed: ;
lexem parsed: }
lexem parsed: if
lexem parsed: (
lexem parsed: n
lexem parsed: ==
lexem parsed: 2
lexem parsed: )
lexem parsed: {
lexem parsed: print
lexem parsed: b
lexem parsed: ;
lexem parsed: }
lexem parsed: if
lexem parsed: (
lexem parsed: n
lexem parsed: >
lexem parsed: 2
lexem parsed: )
lexem parsed: {
lexem parsed: tmp
lexem parsed: =
lexem parsed: b
lexem parsed: ;
lexem parsed: b
lexem parsed: =
lexem parsed: a
lexem parsed: +
lexem parsed: b
lexem parsed: ;
lexem parsed: a
lexem parsed: =
lexem parsed: tmp
lexem parsed: ;
lexem parsed: print
lexem parsed: b
lexem parsed: ;
lexem parsed: }
lexem parsed: }
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
lexem not recognized!
Number conversion failed
Token: Identifier
Token: =
Token: Value
Token: ;
Token: Identifier
Token: =
Token: Value
Token: ;
Token: Identifier
Token: =
Token: Value
Token: ;
Token: Identifier
Token: =
Token: ?
Token: ;
Token: while
Token: (
Token: Identifier
Token: <
Token: Identifier
Token: )
Token: {
Token: Identifier
Token: =
Token: Identifier
Token: +
Token: Value
Token: ;
Token: if
Token: (
Token: Identifier
Token: ==
Token: Value
Token: )
Token: {
Token: print
Token: Identifier
Token: ;
Token: }
Token: if
Token: (
Token: Identifier
Token: ==
Token: Value
Token: )
Token: {
Token: print
Token: Identifier
Token: ;
Token: }
Token: if
Token: (
Token: Identifier
Token: >
Token: Value
Token: )
Token: {
Token: Identifier
Token: =
Token: Identifier
Token: ;
Token: Identifier
Token: =
Token: Identifier
Token: +
Token: Identifier
Token: ;
Token: Identifier
Token: =
Token: Identifier
Token: ;
Token: print
Token: Identifier
Token: ;
Token: }
Token: }
Testing complete.


